Dear Boss 30 Bangor St Novr. 8/89

My finest shot to justify myself I now fire,
You will see by this that I am not a liar;
Funk stupid Fool, believes, me to be insane;
His next shotlog will be that 'I'm tame,
In the papers you sometimes see -
Letters written by him, but none by me,
He declares an accomplice is concerned,
That he has to prove and learn -
He describes my complexion, dark with good looks;
Tells the public he has my boots,
Togs 8 suits, many of hats I wear,
And people at me often stare
Those shots are bully clogs and not fair,
The true shots I pack'd 2 pails in High St,
To pay rents, buy food (no gin) but meats.
The togs have I 2 suits both dark and blue over Coats,
Hard felt hat and blue ruff on my throat,
Long hair, no beard and none on chin
Do neither smoke, swill, or touch gin...
At Finsbury, St Paul's hard near,
I never dost the rents are too dear,
Whitechapel High St hard near my home -
I always do my work alone,
Some months hard gone near Finsbury Sqre:
An eccentric man lived with an unmarried pair -
Mad on Vivisection (the cutting up of animals) He gave
me a threat,
He would get hold of a dog or cat for a joke.
With one cut of the knife sever its throat.
He was very dark, teeth (if new) pocked mark'd disease
on nose) did him meet
The tale is false there never was a lad,
Who wrote essays on women bad,
I'm not a flash away Belgavian swell,
Altho, self taught I can write and spell,
The Miller's Court murder a disgusting affair
Done by a Polish Knacker rather fair
The morn (of the murder) I went to the place -
Had a shine but left in haste,
I spoke to a policeman who saw the sight,
And informed me it was done by a Knocker in the night...
I told the man you should try and catch him;
Say another word old Chap I'll run you in,
Flunk, old Donkey, say he can me catch:
He would soon find in me his match,
The detectives of London, are all Hind;
They know they cannot me search and find.
Flunk you should a spark make -
He would soon be tired and try to escape -
Operations you'll begin this month again,
Despatch the police and good strong men -
Whitechapel alone is the place,
The man is keen; quick, and leaves no trace -
My blood boils and with indignation rages,
To perpetuate more bloody outrages —,
Prostitution against which I desperately fight;
[To] destroy the filthy hideous whores of the night;
[D]ejected, lost, cast down, ragged, [ ] and thin,
Frequenters of Theatres, Music Halls and drinkers of
Hellish gin.
My knives are sharp and very keen,
Determined I swear what [ ] mean....
The swellish flashaway Tecks I very often see-
Treating whores and asking them for tea.
One night hard gone I did a policeman meet -
Treated and walked with him down High St,
The letter addressed to 22 Hammersmith Road -
Was written by some vulgar lying toad,
Old Funk, thinks me a flashaway swell -
A first rate man, and in a fine house I dwell.
A fourpenny doss I have at a Common East End Doss
House
And do not dine on aristocratic grouse,
When I by luck some browns and bobs do make -
Sometime early, but at others very late,
He thinks a very large fortune I have got,
And loves to ridicule and me knock,
He well knows the reason why I kill,
The whorish women and them thin,
Money (of which) Sir, I have none;
But I detest ridicule of my sarcastic plans and fun.

J. Ripper

I will write more in a few days.